feat: Various improvements for pages linked from CFMM. (#462)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/administration.unmanaged-tenants.md

known as 'Shadow IT'. To make it easier to spot this kind of workload, meshStack offers a table view of all tenants that are unmanaged.

The definition of an unmanaged tenant is a cloud tenant that is not related to any meshCustmer & meshProject. In other words, it does not
have any organizational metadata applied to it, and it is "unknown" who owns the tenant from a meshStack perspective.

> If you recently started using meshStack, you will most likely have a lot of unmanaged tenants. This is fine
> as you are still working on starting to manage these tenants via meshStack.

## Viewing unmanaged tenants

Viewing unmanaged tenants can be easily done within the administration area. In the sidebar on the left, navigate to 'Platforms' -> 'Unmanaged Tenants'.

A table will open up with all unmanaged tenants that are known to meshStack. This list is refreshed on a daily basis.

It is also recorded when the unmanaged tenant was last observed. If the last observed date is from longer than a few days ago, it has dissappeared. This
probably means that it was deleted and it no longer exists in the cloud platform.

> Tenants that are imported into the meshStack organizational model (meaning into a meshProject) are automatically removed from the list.

Reviewer: We say "to adopt a cloud tenant" when speaking about this.
```suggestion
Tenants that are adopted into meshStack are removed from umanaged tenants list and shown in the tenants list instead.
```

Reviewer: A link to "How to adopt an unmanaged tenant into meshStack" would be great (but I think there is no how-to content for this at the moment).

Author: I briefly mentioned the API for now. A how-to would be great in future ;-)
